Welcome back everybody.
The download is finished,
so we have it in the Downloads folder.
Just open up Finder and go into Downloads folder,
so Finder is here, and then
go into the Downloads folder
and you'll see something like this
Kali-Linux-2.0.0-vbox-amd64.7z
Now, if there's a newer
version, feel free to download it,
you should be fine, it should work
without any problems of whatsoever.
Now what we need to do is actually unpackage this
because this is a zip file, this is a packet file.
Feel free to go to the App Store
and download software from there if you wish.
I, personally, have not
installed Homebrew here yet,
Macports, anything like that.
I've opted to go for Homebrew
and I'm gonna go ahead and install it now
and then I'm gonna install
a software in order to unzip this file,
to unpackage it.
If you have some other software
that you wish to use or prefer to use
you don't need to follow
through this entire tutorial,
you can go ahead and skip it
but if you'd like to do it as I did
feel free to follow along.
Any way is fine as long as
you can unpackage this file.
So let's go ahead and open
Safari and let's go ahead and search for
"homebrew mac". There we go,
the missing package manager for OS X.
It should be the first one that pops.
It doesn't really have https encryption,
but then again there isn't anything,
you don't need to log
into this site or anything like that.
You only have installation instructions,
which I myself am going to follow.
No big deal, really.
So let's go ahead and copy this.
All that I did to copy was double tap to select
or triple tap to select the entire thing.
Press Cmd+C and then
I'm gonna open up my terminal here
and this is a horrendous
looking color, if you ask me,
but well, no big deal.
I just paste this command and press Enter.
I'm probably gonna be required sudo privileges.
No, OK, apparently not.
The "Xcrun" command requires
the command line developer tools.
Would you like to install the tools now?
OK, install them. Mac SDK and Xcode agreement.
Fine, whatever. Should be fine.
OK, so it says less than a minute.
That should finish up fairly fast.
So I hope that I got the
site right: brew.sh. That should be the one.
That was advertised and
I pretty much have everywhere else.
You can also go to Homebrew
GitHub and follow the link from there.
It should be in the Read me.
What packages are available?
Homebrew summarised on the homepage.
So there we go, this is the homepage, brew.sh.
OK, so let's just do this.
So that seems to be fine.
It says "press Return to
continue or any other key to abort".
Go ahead and press Return and let it fly.
So now you will be
prompted for administrator password,
you do need to be either using the admin account
or log into your admin account via the terminal.
To log into your admin account
via the terminal you can just...
I'll show you how to it, actually.
You can just use the "su" command,
so "su", space, admin account, user name, Enter,
and then you'll type in your password
and then type in whatever you need to type in.
Just type in this command that I've typed in,
or that I've copy-pasted pretty much from the net.
So let's go ahead and type in our password.
And it's going, it's starting.
It's downloading and installing Homebrew.
I actually have no idea how long this will take,
it'd probably be just
easier to set up an Apple ID
but I don't really feel like doing that...
I don't really feel like it at the moment,
I like to go the long way around and
I do believe that I need this anyway,
not for the course,
but for all things that I need to do
and I've figured it should be
a nice thing to show to everybody
how they can do it without much hassle.
Let's type in "brew search".
Let's see if this works like Linux,
that would be awesome if
it does, like the Linux packet manager.
Brew search...
I don't know... 7zip
You're going to find... There we go,
p7zip, I know that one from Linux.
I can use that one, so "brew install",
it's awesome because I get
Linux-like functionalities in Mac
and I really install things with the command line
You might argue that it's simpler to use a GUI,
but I'm not feeling it.
You have an interface
which you need to follow through,
you have a bunch of
things that you need to click on, etc.
Like this I just type in the name
of the package and install, that's it.
Downloading HT binary,
pouring Yosemite bottle...
Should be fine now,
let's go ahead and try typing in p7.
No. What was it called?
I'll see where I am, and then
I need to go to the Downloads folder
and I have a file which needs unzipping, so
I could either go with a GUI,
but let's see if I can manage in the terminal.
"Unzip", nice, OK, you have it.
Excellent, so let's press Enter.
End-of-central-directory signature not found.
It's not a zipfile...
Alright, so I got the wrong one.
I'm guessing it is not extracted.
Of course not. So, let's use...
Let's try using the GUI to actually extract it,
because I completely forgot the command
and I'm pretty sure this won't work.
Choose application.
"7zip". Here. Does the Homebrew
function in this manner?
No. It does not.
Keep in mind that I could have done all of this
prior to this, but I wanted
to encounter all the problems
the very first time Mac
user would encounter so that
everybody could see that it is doable.
And if I have to eat my
words at a certain period of time,
well, I shall eat them, I guess.
How about if we do "ls /bin/"?
It should be in the bin directory, right?
Nope, not here.
Let's see what the
installation folder was, it should be
/usr/local/cellar/p7zip
ChangeLog, readme, todo list, bin, share.
Let's go into the bin. There we are!
"7z --help", so give me the Help button.
Add files to archive, Benchmark,
Delete files, Extract files from archive
without using directory names.
Fine, let's try the extract, "-e"
/Downloads/. If you were
wondering what this curved sign, tilde, is
that's the shortcut for the
current user's Home directory.
I could have just typed in like this on Linux,
if I'm not mistaken it should work.
No, actually. That's not how you
type into your Home directory in a Mac,
that is how you type it
in Linux, but doesn't matter.
This is a universal shortcut for
the Home directory of the current user,
so I have Kali... 7z,
press Enter. Incorrect command line.
I wonder what the problem is.
So I am currently here,
and I would like to make it all the way to
Home. That's not Downloads,
it's not giving me anything else.
OK, so let's see where it
actually is physically located
because as you can see, I'm quite struggling here.
Then we're gonna go into Users
Udemy and then Downloads.
I hope that you're
enjoying me struggling on a Mac,
which is quite interesting, I guess,
or it's quite boring for some people.
Let's use the same command as before to get help
because I really need some assistance with this.
It says "7z command, switches,
archive names, file names, affiliates".
That all seems to be fine and
dandy, and I need to pass in a command "e".
Maybe it's not passed the way I think it is passed.
Maybe it's passed without a dash,
so that could also be a possibility,
let's see if that work out.
Different systems, different formats.
Voilà. There we go. I did manage to figure it out.
I'm sure that there will be a lot of people
who will say "why did you have to do this?"
"you're really showing that
you don't really know how to do it".
But as I said, I got a Mac a couple of days ago
and I thought it would be
a very good idea to actually just
record it as I do it to
encounter these exact same problems
that you would encounter,
so that I would be able to better relate
to all the people who
possibly experience any problems,
so that I would struggle
and that you would see how I struggle
and how I've found solutions to the problems,
in such a way I can better help you all out.
So this is processing, this might take a while.
And we're just gonna leave it to run
and then we're gonna see what becomes of it.
I might actually pause the tutorial here
and then continue it in the follow-up lecture
and see how that works out.
I'm thinking of giving it
a little bit more time and
then actually pausing it, but...
I wish I had a lot of other people to consult now,
but I'm alone here,
I am doing it for the first time,
so forgive any mistakes that I do make,
but at least I showed the
solutions for all the mistakes I make,
which in advance solved your possible problems.
I hear the drive, it's spinning pretty fast,
I wish I had an SSD at this point of time,
but price, that was a bit
high for a Mac with an SSD,
and considering I just got it for Udemy...
You will forgive me for that, of course.
So I'm just gonna split the tutorial here
and then we're gonna go ahead and continue on
in the follow-up when
the unpackaging is actually over and done.